I need an agent to follow someone.
Little Red Riding Hood said to the wolf.
"Grand-ma! What big arms you have!"
- The wolf replied. "It's so ..."
- Jean-Claude. it's your assistant.
Yes?
He visited a branch of Interim and rented a car.
That's all?
Yes. Things are quiet.
Don't be fooled.
With him it does not take long.
- It's sorted.
- Really?
- Are you busy tonight?
- Of course.
Lets go!
I told you he wouldn't stay quiet for long.
OK. So what do we do now?
Now that he's started this mess
it wont be long before you're finished!
Oh shit!
It's good. We've got his cell phone's signal.
Narrowing down his location.
He's very close.
Got him!
Are you with him?
Negative.
Give me the tin.
I'm home.
Good evening my dears.
The children should be in bed.
Children. bed time.
It's late. Come on.
Good night.
Shut up!
There is still time to bid.
we have one more left.
We'll see her in a moment.
It's ready.
You. take the girls.
You. come with me.
Intruders! Search the boat.
Where are you?
Why aren't you answering?
Get inside!
What's the problem?
The girls father has arrived.
Leave it to me.